.TH TASKTOGO 1 "November 2013"

.SH NAME
tasktogo \- manage to-do lists

.SH SYNOPSYS

.B tasktogo
[\fIflags\fR]

.B tasktogo
[\fIflags\fR] \fIcommand\fR [\fIargs...\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B tasktogo
is a task list manager built for interactive and scripting use. It is
capable of sorting and ranking tasks based on their priorities and due
dates, as well as adding and modifying dates.

If a command is given at invocation, it will be immediately executed,
exit. Otherwise
.B tasktogo
will enter a shell-like interactive mode for executing multiple
commands in sequence. Recognized commands are listed below, as are
flags, which can only be passed at initial invocation.

.SH COMMANDS
.PP
.BR help ,\  h
.RS 4
prints a brief help text containing commands and descriptions.
.RE
.PP
.BR exit ,\  quit
.RS 4
exits gracefully with status 0.
.RE
.PP
.BR list ,\  l
[\fImaxItems\fR]
.RS 4
lists all current tasks, one per line. If the \fI--color\fR option is
not false, it will colorize output according to nearness to due date
or priority of the task, with red being the most urgent.
.RE
.PP
.BR add ,\  a
\fItaskname\fR \fIpriority\fR \fImonth\fR \fIday\fR
\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.RS 4
adds a task with a definite to-do date, identified by \fItaskname\fR,
which can be an unquoted string containing any characters. The
\fIhour\fR must be in 24-hour format. The priority must be a positive
integer, and lower ones are sorted first.
.RE
.PP
.BR eventually ,\  e
\fItaskname\fR \fIpriority\fR
.RS 4
adds a task to be completed eventually, identified by \fItaskname\fR,
which can be an unquoted string containing any characters. The
\fIpriority\fR determines how important the task is, and lower
positive integers are sorted first.
.RE
.PP
.BR done ,\  d
\fItaskname\fR
.RS 4
removes a task from the list, as identified by \fItask name\fR. It
does not need to be the whole task name, and will permanently remove
the first task in the list with a name starting with the supplied
string.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.B \-l
.RS 4
specifies the file to use as the current task list. If it does not
exist, and the command is an operation which modifies the list, such
as \fBadd\fR, then it will be created before exiting.
.RE

.PP
.B \-\-color
.RS 4
determines whether list output should be colorized according to due
date. It defaults to enabled.
.RE

.PP
.B \-n
.RS 4
determines how many tasks will be shown at most. If it is -1, then all
tasks will be shown. It defaults to 10.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alexander Bauer.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
.B tasktogo
is hopelessly early-stage software, made primarily for its author's
use. Bug reports and feature requests are
.I greatly
appreciated, and should both be made to the issues page,
<https://github.com/SashaCrofter/tasktogo/issues> or to the author,
Alexander Bauer <sasha@crofter.org>.

When filing a bug report, please include the first line of output of
.BR tasktogo\ help ,
containing the version number.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Alexander Bauer.

License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3
or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
